Well, good evening, family.
I'm sorry I'm a little late. We went to
church, and as I was sitting
in church, the Lord gave me an open-eyed
vision about what we're supposed to be
praying for tonight. So, we're just
going to jump right into the river. But
I felt led to go over some of the
things we saw yesterday when we were
praying. Now, we had two videos
yesterday. Some of you don't know it;
the devil interfered with our internet,
and so we just kept going and we ended
up praying until almost
morning,
which was amazing. The glory of the
Lord came in and hit me with
Holy Ghost laughter. And I'm telling
you, I've never done that to that
level on a live stream. And so it
was pretty amazing—the Lord was just
bringing refreshing, especially to me
and to my son and to my wife, and
just blessing us. You know,
when you are in a place of always
pouring out, it's nice to get
refreshed. And when you get a
touch from the Holy Spirit, it's
refreshing. There's a lot of you
that don't know
about it. And they say, 'Well, what is
that? What were you doing?'That's just
yielding. You can't make it
happen, just like you can't make groaning
happen. You get over in the flesh and
you make things go and act weird, or you
can laugh and be in the flesh, but I'd
rather be in the flesh in church than
in the world, right? And so
you start out—it's like people
say, 'How do you get over
there?'You
yield.
You yield to the presence of God. You
yield to the anointing. You yield. 'Holy
Spirit, have your way. Have your way.
You are the potter; I am the
clay. I am yielded to you
today.'When
a pot is on the potter's wheel
and it's molding, the pot doesn't say,
'Well, I don't like the way you're
pushing. I don't like the way you're
doing. I want to be this
way.'No,
it's yielded to the potter.
Have your way. So, the potter's up there
pushing here, and he's putting all the
perfections out and doing all the things
that he knows to do to make a good pot.
And if you are a yielded vessel, the
Holy Spirit will make a good pot.
Does that make sense? I'm trying to
relate it. And so when you're going over
into the laughter and you're
just yielded, and it starts
out with you just laughing and you feel that
bubbling up inside
of you, the Holy Spirit will do
it just like groanings. It's not
something that you just fake. People go
around acting weird and try to roll
around in the aisle and mock
and try to imitate something, but when
it's authentic and you feel the presence
of God, it's like Braden said: 'Dad,
the tangible presence of the Lord
was in our house last night. I could
feel it.'And you always
wonder,
because I don't want to
be the only one having a good time.
When you're at a party, you want
everybody else to be having a good
time, too, right? You're having a big
party, you're celebrating, and Jesus is
there, and you're the only one
acting crazy. I'd say
you're the only one in the
town getting drunk. You're the town
drunk.
But whenever the Holy Ghost and fire is on
you and everybody else is, it's like
Acts chapter 2.
It was just the third hour of the day,
right? It's just in the middle of
the afternoon. 'Are these men
drunk?'They're
all thinking
they're all wasted, but they weren't.
This is what this is. This is that
spoken by the prophet Joel:
the day of Pentecost. And I truly
believe that Jesus Christ is
the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And he's still pouring out his spirit on
the church just like he did back in Acts
chapter 2. I truly believe if you are a
yielded vessel, we can walk in it. And
just like Pastor Candace, she
was teaching tonight about Moses.
He was underneath the old covenant. How
much more can we walk in the glory and
be
in the new covenant, the greater
glory, and not just be somebody that
is every once in a while
visiting there, but somebody
that lives there, lives in that presence,
in that fullness of the glory, that
people see it on you in these last days.
So, all right. That's
what all that was about. Last night was
amazing. I loved it. And if you
haven't watched that video, I encourage
you, if you just want to have a
refreshing, to go watch that video. As we
were praying, the Lord showed me the
revival again. And I saw Minneapolis,
Minnesota, and I saw a well of revival
springing forth out of the dirt. It
started—do
you know how you see
cracks in the desert or in a big
lake bed whenever the
sun has dried up the water and the
massive
cracks are all in there? And you go,
'Wow, this riverbed is really dry and you
can touch it.'But if
you just dig down a little bit,
the water is there. You
just got to dig down a little bit. Well,
the water table is always at a certain
level. As I was
praying into this, I saw the water
coming from the fountains from the deep
concerning the glory about what we're
about to see. And the Lord said, 'Uncap
the wells.'Uncap the wells. I saw the
wells coming uncapped—what was, you
know, when you cap a well and it was a
springing forth of new water, new
fountains of water. And all of a sudden,
those cracks that were all in Minnesota
started to fill up with water, and it was
just barely touching the feet, just
barely covering the soles of your shoes.
And you're getting a little wet. But
the Lord said, 'I'm going to take it up
from where it's just on the
soles of your shoes to ankle-deep, to
knee-deep, to waist-deep,
to over
your head.'And he said, 'You can't mess
this up.
You're not big enough to mess this up
for what I'm about to do—the harvest of
the prayers
for the intercessory prayer that has
gone
forth. The seeds of prayer are
springing forth.'And the Lord said to us
last night, 'Watch this.'And all of a
sudden, bam, it was in Minnesota. Bam,
it went to Tennessee. I saw around Perry
Stone's area where he's at, his ministry,
springing
forth a well. And the Lord said,
'Fill my cup,
Lord.'I
started singing that song, and the more I
sang that song, the glory of the Lord
started filling me. I could feel it.
It went from Minnesota to Tennessee, to
Mobile,
Alabama, to Fort Worth, Texas,
to Oklahoma City, to
Collinsville, to Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Boom, boom, boom. And it went to Nigeria,
and it started springing forth wells of
revival. And the Lord said, 'I'm going
to pour.'And I saw a wave of revival
coming out of Minnesota again. I saw a
wave of the glory of God coming forth
out of it. And the Lord said, 'Pray for
Mike Lindell. Pray for these people who
are running for office in these areas,
for Omar to find a new job
somewhere else.
Praying for revival.
Praying for this major
harvest.'And
I could see it going, and it
was touching down in these cities. And he
said, 'These are
places
of
harbingers,
like
harvesters, like
crop circles. I don't know how else to
say it. There are glory
zones—better
glory zones, glory manifested
zones, designated
chosen places for the revival that God
has put his finger on.'And when I told
you I saw the hand of the Lord—five
of it—all
his fingers went out
over the earth and shafts of light
shot down from his fingers and made
pillars of light coming from his
fingers. And he said, 'These are the
places that I have designated for a
major harvest of souls in the last days
in Tennessee, in these
areas.'And
there were shafts of light that
shot forth, and there was major revival
in America and parts of Australia
and Asia and the Middle East,
Europe, and Africa. And I'm telling you,
ladies and gentlemen, as
these shafts of glory came out of the
Lord's hand, he said, "I designated
these places. I saw satanic camps trying
to camp themselves around and about these
areas to try to prevent the glory from
coming. But they're no match for our
heavenly Father. No
matter how big the devil tries to
be, even on his best day, he's nothing.
He's a loser. He's been defeated.
And that's what I was trying to tell you
all. Do you believe that God
can make mistakes? Do you believe that
you're a mistake? That God made
a mistake by letting you be here for
such a time as this? And that was my
point in coming across last night when
the Lord told me to ask them that.
I don't believe that our heavenly Father
can ever make a mistake.
We are fearfully
and wonderfully made, every single one of
us. And we have been called to the
kingdom for such a time as this. And
it's time for you, behind this
camera right now, to get a backbone like
a crowbar and expect the
unexpected—to
be expecting God to do something huge
through you.
It just takes one
spark
to light a whole forest fire. And he
said, 'Pray for the revival.'And then
he said, 'Pray for
Elon
Musk.'There's
enough here even right now that
we can pray that Elon Musk would have a
visitation. I saw to pray for Elon Musk
again. He said, 'I'm calling him in. I'm
calling him.'Well, 'He's too dark. I
don't know. He'll never.'No. The Lord
said as I was being persecuted on
Facebook, they
told me they'd call me, and then they
told me they'd call me again, and they
keep giving me the runaround. And
that's when I said, 'Lord, why is it the body of
Christ doesn't have a faith book? Why
is it that the body of Christ
is
always having to
use what's the trend? Why are we not
the
trendsetters?
Why is Facebook the leader? Why is
Instagram the leader? Why is TikTok
the
leader? Why is the body of
Christ not the head?'And he talked about
the money, because the body
of Christ chokes on money. You go, 'Well,
we can't have that. You know,
the love of money is the root of all
evil.'But
that's why I said
you're ignorant: because the Lord wants
you to have the exceedingly abundantly
above all that you ask or think to be
able to have platforms to bring forth
the glory.
Then whenever we're able to say
what we want to say and talk about Jesus
where they don't say, 'You know what?
We're censoring
you.'They
turn me off like they did. 'We
don't like that you're talking about
Jesus. Don't come back,'and they won't give you
an excuse other than, 'We don't want you on
our platform anymore.'Even with 70,000
subscribers
and
followers, 'We don't care.
There's the button.'Do you understand?
And then the Lord showed me, 'Why is
it the body of Christ can't have a
Facebook? Why can't we believe for
that?'Mark
Zuckerberg had an idea, but why not
us?
But it takes us to have a bigger
mentality than always thinking of the one-eyed
monster with the TV. And now the church
is chasing TV. And I hate to say it, but
TV's out.
It's not the cool thing anymore. I mean,
who watches Christian television very
much? Not us. I don't know very many of
the younger generation that does. Maybe
a handful of them, but a lot of boomers
maybe, but a lot of the younger
generation—Braden,
he goes, 'TV?
What?'They
don't even know about TV. His
generation doesn't even care
about TV. So, you're going to lose a
generation for the cause. Do you
understand? No offense to Daystar and
TBN or whoever, God TV or whatever it
is, or Victory Network, but I'm going to
tell you, you're going to lose a whole
generation.
The boomers already either know or they
don't know. But where's
Generation X or the new
AI generation?
We've got to start thinking faster
and be more effective.
And that's what I'm praying: be more
effective in these last days. Are you
going to miss a generation for
Jesus?
What is drawing them in? When I was
praying for Ericka
and
her ministry
with Charlie Kirk,
Turning Point, for the singing
and the concerts and praying for
things, how do we get the young
generation to be engaged in church?
I don't want to lose this generation.
That's why even with the youth
building,
we're building this new youth
facility because
of
the visions about the kids and
the youth and the things
that they're believing for.
It takes somebody thinking
outside of the box to reach a generation
for Christ. And if we always think,
'Well, it's what the older people
do,'then
you're in trouble if you don't
start planning now. And
that's why I got so frustrated because
the body of Christ is always thinking
way behind. Well, we're chasing the TV
and I'm like, 'No, no, no. You're off.
This is off. I know it by the Spirit of
God. You're off. This is not right.
You've
got to get on the right road. We've got to
get on the right road.'And now you see,
well, Facebook's kind of fading out, but
what's the new thing? What's going to be
the new thing to reach this new
generation? Ai, but what will AI do? And
the Lord said, 'If you pray, I will show
you the secret things of that which is
to come. What will be trending in two
years, five years, I will let you be the
leader of the
trend.'But
if you keep chasing the trend, it's
just like chasing the news, praying over
the news. Well, you know, I saw today
that President Trump said the war is
over and then Iran said this. 'What did I
tell you was
coming?'No.
What did the Holy Spirit tell you was
coming? Not Brandon Biggs. I've
got to
get it. It's just bad vocabulary. What
did the Holy Spirit say?
'Israel. Pay attention to Israel. Israel
will
strike.'I
didn't see America. I said Israel will
blow up all their oil wells in the days
ahead. Israel will do this. And
anti-Semitism will rise up all over the
world. Do you remember this? I didn't
say America will do it. I said Israel
will act alone
and anti-Semitism will be at
an
all-time high against the Jews in the
days ahead, and it will be so bad that
they won't even be able to go to
restaurants or to grocery stores without
there
being rioting and picketing and throwing
rocks at them and things like that. It
will be of biblical
proportions.
I said a new Hitler type of
anti-Semitism—remember
what I told
you—will
spring forth in Europe like it was
in the Holocaust
and it will be so bad that the Jews will
flee and come back to Israel.
I warned you of this. I saw this. It was
a
very detailed vision. Well, all these
things are happening.
Show them that. What is that?
Trump's ceasefire.
Do you show them?
This is what the Holy Spirit said.
So,
we keep praying.
We keep praying. So, as I was
praying, I saw the wells of revival
springing forth all over this land. And
the Lord said, 'This will be a place of
refuge to come and get a drink, and I
will bring fresh anointing through your
platform to bring forth where people
don't have it.'You say, 'Well, I live
in the middle of the country and we
don't have a church like you're talking
about and I've got to drive over 100
miles to go to a church like that
because there isn't anybody around here
like that. We're all dried
up.'The
Lord said,
'Be an oasis on the internet for people
to come and get a
drink.'He
said it last night and he said, 'I'm
going to as of now increase
the anointing of the refreshing that
will come through this camera so that
you can have hope to get through your
day.'Not
through Brandon Biggs, but I'm
telling you by the Holy Ghost. And I
said, 'Lord, I'll yield to whatever you
have for me.'I'll say whatever you want
me to say, but I want you to drink from
the well that never shall run dry. Fill
our cup, Lord. That's why I sang it last
night: 'I lift it up, Lord.'And I could
feel the refreshing.
I pray you got refreshed. We had over 42
salvations last night off
that—30-something.
It was amazing, wasn't it?
Yes.
I don't want to quit because it's
so many days in a row.
42—is
that right? I try to memorize it
because I like to keep track of how
many we get in a month. It's
amazing how many people come in; Jesus
gets them. Okay, so that was part
of what we saw last night. If you
didn't watch that, I know it was almost
four hours worth of videos.
It's a long one, but I
wasn't even going to do a video tonight
until
the Lord
said, 'Brandon, this is what's
coming.'I
was sitting in church and I went
over into the realm, and I could
hardly hear what
she was teaching the
congregation on
regarding
the glory because I wasn't really there. I
was looking over at what the Lord had me
praying for tonight. Let me tell you
what he said about tonight. He said, 'Do
you see this now? Do you see the
thumbnail?'You
see
the
background, right?
Did you put the background down? You see
my background? That's what we
are
praying over. I saw attacks on our oil
refineries and our oil facilities all
over America. I know it was symbolic, but I could see
Muslim men who
looked
like ISIS sympathizers
casing our oil facilities and gas
plants—natural
gas, propane,
and
so
on.
I saw railroad tankers that
look like propane tanks going down the
rail.
They were
targeting propane tanks on
trains—flammable
fuels on
these tankers on railroads. The Lord
showed me those, and
as I was in the spirit, I
could see them moving down the railroad
tracks in an area with a
lot of trees. This looked like an
area probably in the East
because
we don't have trees that look like that until you get over
into Arkansas. Oklahoma
is
pretty
prairie in some parts with a lot of red
dirt. As I was looking into this,
I saw railroad cars and the targeting of
our electric grid. The Lord
said, 'Pray over this tonight. This is a
major assignment and you're on high
alert for this.'That's what I
saw. It was very detailed
visions as I was in church;
it was very clear, and the Lord said,
'Pray over this. This is very
serious.'That's
why you see what you see
behind me. The other part was praying
over the Strait. I told you I
have to stretch my legs out; I'm going
to have to get a little footrest or
something because when
I sit here, I like to prop my feet up.
I put it on my trash can;
I made my own little step stool here.
I don't like to sit Indian style for so
long that my legs go to sleep.
As we were praying into it
last night and praying over
the
Strait,
I wanted
to tell you this: I support
President Trump. I pray for him
to have wisdom. I know he's
doing the best he knows how to do.
If you really realize what a
mess it all is—they don't come out and
tell you the sky is falling like Chicken
Little because one little spark of
anything... look how volatile the
market is. The war is over, everything
goes... then it looks like a ceasefire
is over, then I think there's going to be
a
ceasefire again, and the
economy fluctuates just
by one word out of a man's mouth.
I haven't seen anything like it. If you
come out as a president and say this or
that, all of a sudden you're
powerful. You can't say the
sky
is falling because if the sky is
falling, people are selling everything
and bunkering
down in a hole. I saw Mark
Zuckerberg down in there looking at the
hole,
like, 'Oh God, what's
going
on?'and
I
kept seeing Mark Zuckerberg sticking his
head out this peephole. I keep
seeing it all the time. I was like,
'What is that guy
doing?'The
other part was, do you remember
when I told you I saw a leader over
France? I said this man will be
homosexual and will be a
forerunner to take over France in the
days ahead. He will have the same
kind of spirit that is over the guy
at
CNN; he will be very similar
in
the way he acts, like the gray-haired guy,
Anderson Cooper. I said he's
similar to Anderson Cooper in the way he
carries himself and talks.
I said
I saw a man running
for president who will be over
France and will be homosexual. I
didn't necessarily
know
who this man is, just that he's
coming. Braden said he's been doing
research and this man right here
is openly gay and is friends with Emmanuel
Macron,
and Emmanuel
Macron
wants him to be the next leader of
France.
Now, he doesn't look like Anderson
Cooper—his
hair is not
gray—but
I never heard him speak to see if
he carries himself like Anderson Cooper.
Or was it a type and shadow just
telling me he's gay? I don't know, I
just think it's interesting.
I guess they're good
friends.
Maybe a little gray
hair there?
A little bit.
Interesting.
We'll see where that goes. Maybe
there'll be another one. 2027, the
Lord said. But why is the Lord
telling us about this ahead of time?
Because I saw a lot of persecution
coming with your First Amendment
rights in France and a major rising
up of antisemitism.
The Lord said this is what
we're
praying for—the revival and
these
things. I want to skip all that.
Real quick, Braden has some things he wants to
show you, and then we're just
going to jump in the river. I don't
want to take a lot of your time.
FBI warns Iranian hackers may be
targeting critical U.S. water and energy
systems. What did
the Holy Spirit tell you?
Targeting. I said
water facilities; I said you better pray
over your water facilities and energy.
I said electric grids. The
Lord told us
they're going to attack these. I
said some
will be out for up
to a month.
Iranian
hackers—but
it was more about the people that
were in our country than out of our
country.
The thousand-plus men that are here
who
are like trained Navy SEALs. Why have
they not done anything yet?
I believe the power of prayer
holds back a lot of stuff.
But the Lord said they will not strike
just to inflict a wound;
they will go after the jugular. They
want to take you down forever.
You're not the main target;
Israel is.
But you are in the
way. America is in
the way, and they want to go for the
jugular.
They want to go for the
kill shot.
The Lord said they're
not going to have a punch for a
punch; they're going to go for the
kill. It's not 'I
hit you, you hit me.'No, they want to
knock your legs out from underneath you.
And that's what the Lord said. You're
waiting for something much more:
many
911s.
A lot of them, but small 911s.
That's what he said. And they would be
across the land. Many, not large,
but
many. I thought it was
interesting the way he said it that day.
I was like, 'Okay.'So, that's what
we're praying into. And then he said,
'Pray over Boston.'Then he talked
about property in Oklahoma. He said
people will be fleeing to Oklahoma,
Texas, and other areas to get
away from the East. He said you're
going to see mass migration big time,
like we've had enough. As we
hear—Mamdani—what
did
our favorite mayor say
today in New York? Did everybody
remember what is this
right here first? Do you want to show that
first? Did you show what our favorite
mayor in New York said today?
I mean, this guy is a real winner. He is
my favorite.
He said
he wants to
tax white people.
I said, 'Oh my gosh, do you see
that?'So
he's trying to pass laws
for white Caucasians
to give more money.
I thought it was pretty interesting.
Braden showed me. He goes, 'Oh goodness,
Daddy.'I
don't want to hear that
guy. I can't stand him.
At least he's up there and he's not
somebody I have to pray for all the
time. You can pray for him. I pray for
our president. Maybe they'll find
something and deport him or something.
Look at this guy. Did
you show what he said?
I just think you
can't make this stuff up.
I just go, 'My
God,'so
you can read it on your own. I'm not
reading it. But that's what he wants
to do. Isn't he awesome? He's just a
great old guy. Okay, let's go
on to something else.
The UK refused to help President Trump
and had no role in pulling this off.
It's not even close.
That guy I told you is in with
the elite, the Illuminati, the dark
side. And I've told you I saw him being
influenced by the bankers.
My light went out. We'll have to buy a
new one. Do you know what
happened to that
bulb?
I told you I saw him. There you go.
I think it got pulled on.
It's a miracle the light's on.
I saw them all having a plan concerning
Agenda 2030,
but it was the major bankers. As I
saw,
George was there
and
Bill.
They were talking, and there
were
these
three major bankers, big businessmen.
They are very
wealthy, influential businessmen.
Bill was there, George, and an Asian man.
But every single one of these
people with
BlackRock—the
other guy was with him—I could
see that they have meetings with Satan
and I could see them devising this
plan. These big banking
people—and
like I said, do
not put their faces up.
I'm not
saying their last names. It doesn't
matter. Each one of these people were
having meetings with the devil, and they
were influencing the politicians with
their pockets. And that's why I said
it's so important for the body of Christ
to have money so you can influence
politicians. Thank God for the Greens.
Thank God for Hobby Lobby and for all
the
people that are like
Chick-fil-A. When the
founder of
Chick-fil-A was the guy that owned
it before he passed away—and his sons
are in it—he was a tither. I
know
that for a fact.
And
it's amazing because this is the kind of
stuff—these
are the kind of leaders
that we need because that influences
these men to do right
things. Mike Lindell, the MyPillow person—it was said that Mike Lindell's
net worth was 300
million. He needs to be worth 300
billion.
Why? Because that's what brings in the
different laws. They don't listen to
poor people. They listen to people with
money.
They don't care if you
vote; they manipulate the
vote. They are able to change things.
They steal the vote.
Thank you, Joe. But I'm saying
you're able to manipulate things
when you have money and
power. The little guy
doesn't
matter to them. You're the slave
to the lender.
That's what I was trying to tell you all
last night. It's time to believe for
bigger because people in the body of
Christ think too small, and the Lord
said, 'Believe me for more.
It's time to be the head, not the
tail.'I'll
get off that. Do you have
anything else?
NATO wasn't there when we needed
them, and they won't be there if we need
them again. 'Remember Greenland, that
big, poorly run piece of
ice?'President
Donald J. Trump.
I said I saw them striking deals again
with Greenland, but his main focus in
the days ahead will be Cuba. It's too
close. And I saw what
the Lord showed us about Cuba.
Okay, so we've gone over enough.
You have a good update.
It's all happening.
We'll see what Israel does in
the days ahead. We'll see what Iran does
to provoke Trump.
'What is that?
This is Kash.'He said that.
The FBI and our partners
are
trying to find the
leaker.
I said there's a leaker; there's a mole.
The Lord said there's a mole.
These people are crazy. They're putting
people in harm's way. Why?
Because you hate Trump. This has
nothing to do with Trump. This has to do
with our people who are serving
our country, and you're putting—it would be
like putting your sons and daughters in
harm's way. These people are nuts.
It has nothing to do with
Trump. You're going to put people
in danger that have nothing to do
with him. They're just following
orders because they swore an oath
to protect and serve. What is wrong with
them?
'Well, we're going to leak the
information.'Well,
who is that hurting?
Trump? No, it's hurting the people
who
are just working.
That's why I said
they're sick in the head.
Father, I thank you. Where
is
your mama? Does she want
to pray with me?
I told her when I was
done that she could come and pray. Diana
was going to come and pray. She wanted
to read a little bit of the book to
change the atmosphere after all this.
I did it pretty quick,
only 37 minutes.
She was going to read a little bit more
of that
glory
book.
It
really does stir the flame
inside of you. But let's
take communion real quick. Father, we
thank you for the body.
Hey, you want to come and pray? You can
read that book. I'll move this up so I
can
get out and you can get in
easier.
Okay,
you can start reading.
Father, we just thank you
for the body that you took all
of it for us, that we walk in
victory.
We take this body right now in the
name of Jesus. And we thank you, Father,
that you were wounded for our
transgressions. You were bruised for our
iniquities. The chastisement of our
peace was upon you. And with your
stripes, Lord, we're healed. We believe,
Father, that we are the healed. We
believe that we are the victorious. We
believe, Father, that we are the head
and not the tail. And we take this body
right now in the name of Jesus. And we
thank you, Father, that we are pressing
forth and we're taking the land
like the children of Israel did
back in the day. We are going to take
the land for
Jesus.
And we are not just going to sit by and
say they're as big as grasshoppers.
Get a backbone and go out and get
that land. 'Well, they're as big as
grasshoppers.'I
don't care. Who is this
uncircumcised Philistine that he tried
to defy the armies of a God? Who is
the devil that tries to miss me? Who is
the world? If God came
through for them underneath the old
covenant, how much more will he do it
for you?
You've got to believe bigger.
If God can do it for the Greens and
Hobby Lobby with a creative idea
that started out of his garage, how much
more can God do it for you? You could be
the best pie maker in the whole
thing and you go, "Hey, you know what?
God gave me the best recipe. I got it
out of prayer. I saw it in a
vision."And
the Lord said, "If you just
add this and this and this and you just
put this and it's the best
pie."You
know, Coca-Cola, nobody can figure out
their formula forever. How do
you make it? Or Colonel
Sanders'original
recipe
when he went to a
Kathryn Kuhlman
meeting. He didn't know if it was real
or not. And Kathryn Kuhlman prayed for
him. He fell out in the Holy Ghost.
Billy was telling us about it.
He
said Kathryn Kuhlman prayed for Colonel
Sanders. She called him the chicken man.
Thank God for Kentucky Fried Chicken.
He was a giver.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the
better original recipe. You give
it to us, Father, because you know what
makes things taste good. You know, God,
how to make a better car. You know how
to make a better lawn
mower that runs better. I don't know.
Father, I thank you that you're giving
creative ideas to your people tonight.
And Father, when they lay their head on
the pillow, they sleep soundly but they
have dreams and they are able to
see things ahead of time. And God, we
are the
trendsetters.
You give us better ideas than what the
world has because we're led by the
Spirit and we take this body in the name
of Jesus. Amen and amen. You believe it.
It's time to believe.
I believe. I receive everything the Lord
has for me. And I take the blood and we
make much of the blood and the blood
makes much of us. I thank you, Lord. We
repent of our sins. We thank you, Lord,
that you are faithful and just to
forgive us of our sins and cleanse us of
all unrighteousness. We take this
blood right now in Jesus'name. And we
give you all the glory, honor, and
praise for it in the name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
Right.
You want some of my water? You can read
some of that. Where did you leave off?
Let her read to you a little bit. I love
to hear some of this book
and we'll pray over these wells. We
still got a little bit of time here.
You ain't going. If you want to click
out, you can. But I like
reading a little bit. It changes the
atmosphere. There's such a blessing
on books that are anointed.
'You want to be used mightily, then be
willing to be hidden. God often conceals
his most powerful weapons. He tucks them
away in upper rooms, in closets, in
wildernesses
because they're too dangerous
for the applause of man. I lived hidden.
I died hidden. And yet my prayers still
echo eternity. Hidden intercession is
not a punishment. It's a promotion. When
God hides you, he's trusting you to
carry something sacred. I prayed in
towns I would never see again. I laid
foundations for revivals that would come
after I died. That's the mark of true
intercession. It builds altars for the
next generation to burn upon. You may
never see the fruit, but the fire will
fall. Stop asking, "What did I
build?"Start
asking, "Did I
obey?"Faithfulness
is measured in eternity,
not Instagram likes.
When Finney stood before thousands, I
stood before God. When he gave the altar
call, I stood at the heavenly gates
pleading for mercy. When he rested, I
wrestled. You may feel unseen, but you
are known in the courts of heaven. And
when you step into eternity, you'll
discover that your hidden life was a
highway for revival.
There's a sound that doesn't come from
the mouth. It comes from the spirit.
It's the sound of travail. It's the cry
of a soul in sync with the heartbeat of
God. And I'll tell you this, that sound
shakes principalities. I've heard demons
scream in the spirit realm when a true
intercessor groaned under the weight of
divine burden. You don't have to yell to
terrorize darkness. Hell doesn't fear
volume. It fears authority. And
authority comes from intimacy. When you
pray with heaven's permission and the
spirit's power, even your whispers
become weapons. I wasn't trying to
impress heaven. I was trying to move it.
I didn't come to intercession with
formulas. I came with desperation. And
when your desperation becomes holy, it
turns into something beautiful. A sound
that bends the heavens. It's the sound
of Jesus in Gethsemane.
The sound of Hannah in the temple. The
sound of the spirit groaning through
yielded vessels. That sound terrifies
every power of darkness. When you truly
walk in prevailing intercession, you
become a mobile altar. Demons sense
you before you say a word.
Environments
shift when you enter rooms. Your spirit
carries residue from the secret place.
And everything unclean takes notice.
This isn't religion. This is war. And
your groan is your battle
cry.
I reached places in intercession where I
was no longer praying. I was
being prayed through. My mind was still,
but the groans came like waves. The
spirit took over. I became a vessel. My
words left. My will surrendered. And in
those holy moments, I felt like I
touched the edge of eternity. That's
where real intercession begins. You
don't push your agenda. You host his.
You don't ask for things. You become a
conduit for his divine will.
The spirit searches the mind of God and
pours it through you like fire down a
pipe. I remember times I'd be walking
and suddenly feel a crushing weight fall
on my soul. I'd collapse in prayer,
often in unexpected places. The Lord
would drop a burden on me so heavy I
couldn't move until it lifted. That's
not emotionalism. That's spiritual
possession—not
by a demon, but by the
Holy Ghost. God is looking for people he
can trust with his burden. Not people
who will treat it like a goosebump, but
like a baby in the womb—something that
must be carried until it's birthed in
the
earth.'I
love that.
It's carrying it in prayer
until it's birthed in the earth.
I said because you're never going to get
what you're wanting in the
natural until you birth it in the
spirit. It comes through the spirit
first and then birthed
through travail,
right?
Through intercession. Keep going.
'I didn't need to prepare fancy words. I
didn't need eloquence. I just needed
yieldedness. When the spirit prays
through you, everything changes. Chains
break. Atmospheres shift. Glory falls.
That's because it's no longer you. It's
God interceding through you. That kind
of intercession breaks regions.
The prophet Joel described it best: Let
the priest weep between the porch and
the altar. That image never left me.
That place between the entryway and the
holy fire is where revival begins. It's
where the tears fall. It's where
repentance flows. It's where
intercessors cry out with desperation. I
wept in many places, but the most
powerful tears fell when I prayed for
the church to awaken. God honors the
tears of intercessors more than the
applause of preachers. There are natural
tears and then there are spirit-born
tears.'I
didn't cry because I was
emotional. I cried because the burden
was so heavy it crushed my heart open.
Those tears were prophetic. They
carried the weight of regions. They were
mixed with heaven's grief and heaven's
hope. Sometimes a single tear from an
intercessor does more than ten sermons
ever could. That in-between place, the
porch and the altar, is a posture.
You've come close enough to the presence
to be transformed, but you're still
standing in the gap for others. You
haven't stepped into glory for yourself.
You're pulling others in with your
tears. That place is painful, but it's
also holy. And that is where revival is
born.
Lord, take me to the place
between the porch and the altar. Let
my heart break with yours. Make me an
intercessor who bleeds in prayer for the
sake of the church and the world. Give
me tears that carry glory. Let my
weeping birth revival. Let my sorrow
become intercession. I will not run from
the weight; I welcome it.
I just pretend like I'm in
the car
when you read to me.
I love to hear it, Diana. It just
fans the flame.
If you're dry, if you've
got to inspire yourself,
be inspired to pray. What
motivates you to jump in that river?
Grab a hold of things that help you
because the dryness of
the world continually tries to drain us.
But when you fan that flame for prayer,
you
realize
this is what
motivates
us.
We're making a
difference. Every single one of us, as
we come together and we intercede for
the nations.
Some
people don't have that motivation.
This is the book.
It's like going to the gym.
Some people have it and you look at
them and
say,
'How do you look
so chiseled?
You're so motivated.'And then there
are
some people that are just not motivated.
If I were motivated, I'd
look like that, too. It takes work.
What motivates them to do it?
How did they get there? They feed
on stuff that motivates them. How do you
become a spiritual giant, to look
like somebody that's ripped in the
spirit realm? You motivate yourself. And
the only way you do that is by
what you choose to feed on. What
am I putting in me?
People go, 'Well, you're there
because of this.'No, I
choose to go to that gym.
So, we'll just pray now.
Thank you for reading a little bit there
to us. Father, we just lift up this time
before you. We're
going to jump in that river.
Is it not working? I'm sorry.
Some like the microphone, some hate it,
but
it costs a lot, so I use it.
Father, we just thank you, Lord.
We're just yielded to you, Holy Spirit.
You said to pray over these wells, and
we're going to pray over them now.
Father, I thank you that you show
us the exact way to bring this down
because without you, we can't do
this. We need you in every aspect
of our life.
You said they're going to attack the
infrastructure of our nation. You
said, 'Pray over this for disruptions to
be brought to
justice.'Father,
I thank you that as we come
together as believers who are
bold over this, I yield to
the anointing that you've called me to
walk in. And I thank you, Father,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. We praise
you and we give this prayer time to you.
We pray for the next hour and we
lift up the nation before you. We pray
for our president. We pray for
Israel. We pray for the things that need
prayer.
I'm seeing the men in the apartment
complex again.
It's all on the walls. The
planned attack is on the walls of the
apartment and blueprints.
They have pictures of
it.
It
looks like drone footage.
I see a river,
a stream of water that is
attached to this facility that they're
looking at.
It's
a waterway
used
for cooling,
but I see this
boat. They're in a boat and they're casing it out from the boat. They've taken a tube; it's PVC, like the pipes that you get at Lowe's. And they've made a launcher out of a tube. It looks like a
homemade launcher.
I see this tube that looks like you
put something down in it and light
the fuse, and it shoots it off like a
cannon.
It's just
a little metal boat, like you
would get at Bass Pro Shop,
with one of those
cheap motors in the back. This is
a cheap-looking
boat.
They don't even keep it close; they
keep it on the shoreline,
attached to a tree in the woods.
There's a yellow line
attaching this boat to a tree hidden in
the woods, camouflaged.
The pipe that they're using is about two
inches
around.
It looks
like
a mortar round
pipe.
It's long but it's made to
shoot projectiles out of it.
It's a PVC pipe, white, and they've
designed it for explosives
to launch them where they
want them to go.
It's some kind of launching device
on this boat.
But they have more than one.
The
Lord
says
there
are
a lot of
tourists.
I see the
tourists;
they're all on the
waterfront.
They're scoping out a power plant.
You see the stacks?
You can
see steam
coming out of these tubes. I see
one, two, three major
stacks of power, like
steam turbines. There
is
red at the top of these
stacks,
marked like
you would see for
pilots,
like lights.
They're power
stacks,
like chimneys.
They're trying to make themselves look
like
fishermen.
They want to be disguised as fishermen.
It looks so
innocent. They have those
fisherman
hats on
and
those
vests
where you put your lures. I
see them in their
boat;
one is taking pictures
and the other
acts
like he's fishing. They don't want
to draw attention because
they
look like they're just fishermen.
That's what they're
wearing. They just look like fishermen
with nets going down the river.
But
they're casing these places for
tourists,
casing the power plants,
and
casing our water
supply. It's on a
riverfront
with a little black motor on
the back of a metal boat,
and they're fishing
in the river.
There
are
three men.
One's steering it, one's in the middle,
and one's at the end, all on the boat.
Two separate accounts.
One boat has two men
at
another place, and the other boat has
three men. This is a bigger boat. But there
are
two different
groups that I am seeing. One has
one steering the boat and one is at the
helm
at the end of
it, and he's acting like he's fishing, but
they're scouting.
They're going
down the rivers; they're going down
these streams. It looks like waterways,
places of great water, but they're
scoping things out.
It's in surveillance; it doesn't
look as
mysterious if you're
fishing.
If you're driving around in a car taking
pictures, you're noticed as much. They're
fishing.
Do you know it's kind of like
the
Arkansas River going through Tulsa?
Do you know there's stuff on both
sides, and you see the power plant? You
see that thing by Jinx? It's over on
the side. It's like
scoping
it
all.
Do you know what I'm talking about? As
you cross the Arkansas River, you
can see it there. There
are
places to eat; there are places to go.
And that's what I'm talking about.
They're casing things out. They're
looking at things. I see these men;
they're bad.
The Lord
said, 'Watch this. You see them? They're
doing it in a way that is not
detectable.
You're not paying attention to them. If
they were in public doing this—I see it
like you're going to Walmart and starting
to take
pictures of everything—you look
suspicious.
You know what I'm saying?
Whatever.
It's very detailed visions. I see this;
it's very clear. And I see different
tactics of how they've been
doing recon.
We thank you, Lord, that everything is
found out. We thank you, Lord, that they
are
found out. We thank you, Lord,
that every plot, plan,
and
pursuit across this land, over America
even in Canada, is uncovered. We pray a
hedge of protection around our
churches, our places of
shopping, and our power
plants. We take authority over our power
plants, facilities,
factories,
gas facilities,
propane, and train tracks.
Does the Mississippi go by St. Louis?
How close is St. Louis from the
Mississippi? Is
directly
St. Louis, Missouri.
Are
there power plants on the Mississippi
River attached to St. Louis?
Thank you, Lord. Every plot and plan they have in store is uncovered. Every plot
they have in
store
for
our hospitals. I pray over
our hospitals, over major hospitals in
Boston. I
lift up the hospitals in
Boston above
the
facilities.
There are missing guns.
I hear the Lord: 'There are missing
guns.'Where
did
they go?
They went to the
Islamists.
This is so serious,
and I see a lot, but I'm not saying a
target targeting major hospitals.
Okay,
Jesus help me.
I see an event taking place
and you think it's about the race,
but it's not.
It's about the hospitals.
It's where they take the people who have
been hurt. But it's about the hospitals
as
you
see chaos. I see people running; I
see fire; I see smoke. And
remember the
trash cans.
But as events would
happen, it's about these
hospitals. You see the big red
crosses on the hospitals. I see a red
cross where the helicopters
are;
it's on the
buildings.
Oh God,
I'm in New York, I'm in Boston.
I see the
subways in New York again. I see mass
transit; I see the UN.
For many will go
in
a
day—the
Boston
test in a day, a path to test
in the day.
You must find the source to find
more of this.
The motions.
Many go.
Thank you, Lord.
Over Coachella,
over art fairs, and over the
events.
We pray over every major gathering:
races,
marathons.
We pray over the
gatherings.
I see
white tents; they look like
poncho
tarp tents.
We thank you, Lord.
I'm
there;
I plead the blood over me.
I can smell the
food.
I see the train; I see the subways
down on the ground. I can hear them so
clearly.
I can smell the street vendors. I
see Trump.
Lord,
I'm just stuck right here in this spot.
We pray over every single
person
that would gather in this area
today. We thank you, Lord, that every
one of them has a heightened sense of
alert. No weapon formed against
them would prosper. We pray over every
single person that would attend any mass
gatherings. We
pray around the Boston Red Sox,
the New York Yankees,
and
the basketball games.
It's Boston.
He's been talking to me about basketball
a lot lately.
It's the shamrocks;
I see
them
very
clearly.
They're celebrating.
Okay, this is two different
places. I'm looking in Chicago
first at Trump's
buildings.
Then I went to Boston
and there I see
street vendors; it looks
like a celebration.
The main thing I'm focusing on
is
right here. I see subway
systems
and
transit.
I'm going through New York. I see
it
all. And then I see the
hospitals.
Praying over our hospitals.
When people are
distracted,
I lose sight of everybody. Lord, I'm just
looking at you.
We pray over
the NBA,
over New York,
over the Knicks,
and
over Boston.
We
thank you.
I see a storm,
but this is an unusual storm.
The cloud is so black
that you can't see through it,
and the lightning is so fierce
there's no end to
it.
I see this black cloud
that almost looks like onyx,
but there's purple in it from the
lightning.
This is not a normal storm.
It's over the city
where they play
basketball.
I see a vast storm
over
the downtown.
Now, I'm not exactly sure what this is
yet.
Don't add to or take away
from anything I'm saying by the
Spirit of the Lord.
I'm telling you a picture.
We just instruct
how to pray:
praying over hospitals.
Okay, I see China again.
In retaliation for this new virus,
I see China
creating
it.
Oh Father,
the level of the shaking to awaken
is
beyond anything I
can tell you in words.
The level of darkness in man's heart
is beyond
words.
I see AI behind it.
I see digital code. I see a demon,
but the demon is behind the blackness of
the man's heart
with AI and digital code,
and it hovers over Europe.
We're about to enter into a time that
we've never seen before.
AI is at the
door—a
time like we've never
seen before as
a society.
The internet generation
will be a thing of the past, like
what we consider the dot-com era.
I see new quantum
computers—even
household
computers—that
will be revolutionary.
This new technological boom that's about
to hit the earth is going to reshape
everything.
I'm looking into the
beast system, the last
of the last.
I see fires, storms,
and
so much more. It's all happening so
quickly;
everything is coming at me in fast
forward.
I'm looking into the end of the end,
and things are about to escalate to a
place that you will not recognize.
Even the older generation won't be able
to keep up with it. That's how fast it's
about to come.
It will be so far over what our parents'generation
saw;
it will be so over their
heads.
This thing is coming
that fast.
It's coming at
what you call—you know, when you say
this is the best internet,
Diana—like
fiber optics.
All I can tell you is I'm looking up and
down the East Coast. I can
see into Miami and Washington
D.C., and I'm telling you there's a storm
coming.
But I see the
church—the
glorious
church. When I'm
talking
about the storm, I'm
talking about the Antichrist system
and
the seven-year
tribulation. I'm looking into it, and
it's
very scary.
In the natural,
you have no idea
the level of hell that's coming.
The seven-year tribulation is
so
bad
that
I had to open my eyes.
People have no idea what's
coming.
If you don't know Jesus Christ,
you're
in trouble.
There are certain things, when I look
over there, that start pulling me, and I
don't want to look at them anymore. I
have to back out for a minute because it's
that heavy.
The plagues, the fires,
and all these people acting
crazy—it's
absolutely over the top.
Nobody has ever seen
anything like this. If you
were able to see what I'm seeing, it
would overwhelm many of you because I'm
conditioned.
I've seen a lot, and
I'm telling you, if you don't know Jesus
Christ as your Lord and personal Savior,
the
tribulation is going to be hell on
earth.
People are acting vicious;
they don't even act
human anymore.
They're
godless, and the
decay of
morals is at an
all-time high. You wouldn't
believe
it.
When people say there's a revival
in
the tribulation,
I don't see
one.
All I see is people acting godless
and crazy.
I'm seeing
Boston, plagues,
earthquakes, and tsunamis. It
looked like it as I was pushing into that
when I left the NBA and I saw the storm;
then I was looking, and all of a sudden I
was being pulled into the tribulation.
I could see it all around again.
The hospitals are full of people,
but even the doctors act like they
don't care.
It's robotic,
and I could see AI behind it. I
could see China on
steroids.
The darkness
on China and the communistic way
they control people
is like it's on steroids.
We think it's bad now, but the
persecution and
social monitoring—the lack
of privacy—is
at a
different level. As I
was there in the East,
in Boston, I could look at
New York. I shot over
to
Europe and
could see Rome, and there were fires;
they were burning the Vatican.
It
looks like hell on earth, Diana.
People are sick,
and
flies are
everywhere—on
people,
landing on their mouths.
It looks
like disease and
pestilence.
It smells like
death.
So many people are ignorant
and
don't realize where we are or how close everything is to kicking off. We're in the holding tank. This
dispensation of grace is coming to an end. We're at the door, and many
have no idea how close
we truly are.
The cry for humanity, the cry of
civilization as we know
it—everything
we've ever known
is about to change.
People may be freaked out,
and if you're not, you should be.
If you're not born again, if you do not
know Jesus Christ as your Lord and
personal Savior, you should be scared
spitless.
You need to know Jesus tonight.
I've
tried to prepare you with everything
I have inside of me. The
time has come; you must know Him. You're
running out of time.
The AI
generation, everything
about to unfold—it's coming at
us
like warp speed.
We have this little
grace period,
these
birthing pains, before we step
over the edge. There is no
going back.
Everything you've ever known
will change
within a 24-hour
period. In those 24 hours,
you'll pass the point of no
return. Please hear me:
when that
time is up, everything
will
snowball
like a freight train.
I'm looking into
terrorist attacks, plots,
plans, and
plagues.
It's
overwhelming to the natural mind
because you can't perceive it in the
natural; you have to get it in the
spirit. It's time
for the greatest harvest,
the greatest
manifestation of souls
and the glory on the church. We
must
rise up and be the church we're
called to be, without spot or wrinkle.
Those playing church or
in compromise
are in
great danger.
You must be all
in.
If you're lukewarm, He said He
would spew you out of His mouth.
You'd
better be hot,
because
those riding the fence are
not all in. You're kind of in
the world
and
kind of sold out to Jesus. He has a little bit
of you, but He
doesn't
have the whole thing.
I fear for you.
It's time to come home.
You're running
out of time. Everything
I
was
seeing
was so fast.
I opened my eyes; I don't know what I
would have kept seeing if
I'd
kept them shut.
Stop playing church
and
get serious with God.
Give yourself over to Jesus and
make
Him your Lord
and personal Savior. Tonight
is your
night. Don't be a
backsliding Christian anymore; don't
live a compromising life.
Don't go to strip clubs,
sleep
around, or do drugs.
No one knows the day or the hour when
the Son of Man will return.
But we can look at the signs all around
us
and look at the fig tree, looking at
Israel, looking at all these things with
the wars and the rumors of wars, and we
can all have a sense of awe, an
awakening inside of us, that we know that
there's something that's about to
happen. We all know it's that alarm
clock that's going off inside of you
right now, even while you're here in
the middle of the night praying, that you
have that caution, alert, alert, alert.
It's the flashing red lights that are
going off and you can see them in a
distance, and you know that there's
something coming.
And with all your heart, there's a lot of
you that are running from it and
thinking, 'I can delay this. I can ignore
this.'But
there is no ignoring. There is
none. There is no running.
The dispensation of grace is coming to
an end. The tribulation is about to
begin. Are you on the right side of it?
Is your heart sold out for Jesus Christ
tonight?
With all the things I'm telling you to
pray over—the hospitals,
our waterways, our power
plants—we
have a
great responsibility as the church right
now. But there's many of you that are
here and you need to give your heart
over to Jesus Christ.
So, I want you just to be real with
yourself right now and stop playing
church.
And if I'm talking to you and you feel
a
stirring on the inside of you and you
know that I'm not right
with God, I am not right with Jesus, I
am not right with where I'm at with the
Father, tonight's your night to make a
change.
It's appointed unto man once to die, and
after that the judgment.
I want you to really search your heart.
I want you to say in the comment
section, 'Tonight's my night, Brandon. I
want you to pray for me. I don't want to
live this compromising life anymore. I
don't want to live this way. I want to
sell out to Jesus. Tonight's my night to
come home.'I'm like the prodigal, the son
or the daughter that's been in the
pigpen,
and I'm sitting there saying, 'Man,
I've spent the inheritance. I've spent
all that I have and I'm laying here in
this pigpen and I'm just saying, can I
just go home?'But what's amazing about
our Father is he's not there to beat you
down. He's there with the
robe and the fatted calf and the
ring and saying, 'Listen, my son, my
daughter's come home tonight. Let's kill
the fatted calf and let's have a
celebration.'He
sees you coming. He's there right now
with you and he's knocking on your
heart. 'Will you sell out to me? Will you
let
me help you?'is what he's saying. 'And
will you help me bring in the harvest?'For the harvest
is plentiful and
the laborers are few. And you know people
around you who will probably not
receive anybody else other than somebody
like you because they're familiar. They
say, 'Listen, I see the difference in
the change in you.
Help me. Pray for me.'And you're going
to be there for them just like I'm
praying for you right now. But I believe
today is your day for change. I'm
going to say a simple prayer for you,
but I want you to repeat it after me.
And I want you to say with all your
heart
and really mean it:
'Tonight's my night. I'm going to make a
change.'As
we see all these things unfolding all
around us and wars and all this stuff,
I'm telling you, as of the 1st of
April, the Lord said when Passover
began, 'Brandon, an acceleration of
double has now happened.'And we're
seeing it, and you're about to see it on
another level going clear into this
fall. And you're going to look around
you and go, 'Oh my gosh.'But that's not
even the ending of it. This
is just the beginning of sorrows. This
is what he said. This is when you
start seeing these things. This is not
the tribulation yet. This is the
beginning of sorrows, the birthing pains
as labor pains upon a woman. These are
just labor pains,
all that we're seeing right now. So if
I'm talking to you and you feel that in
your heart, I want you to say this
prayer after me. Say, 'Jesus,
I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day. Jesus, I am a
sinner and I have fallen short of the
glory. And tonight, I repent of my sin.
I repent for what I've been doing. I
know it's wrong. I know I've not been
living right. But tonight, I turn my
back on it and I ask you to help me. I
can't do this on my own. But tonight, I
give my all to you. I ask you to flood
me. Create in me a clean heart. Give me a
brand new start. I ask you to write my
name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I believe you are the Son of God.
And I believe you are the only way to
get to heaven and to get to the Father
is through you.
And I confess you. I believe in you. And
I ask you to be my Lord and personal
savior.
I turn my back on the devil. I turn my
back on that sin. And from this day
forward, my sin is none of the devil's
business.
I ask you to help me. I ask you to wash
me.
Thank you, Lord, that you've given me a
brand new start tonight and I'm sold
out to you.
Thank you, Lord, that I am free. And the
moment I confess my sins, you said you
are faithful and just to forgive me of
my sins and cleanse me of all
unrighteousness.
And as of tonight, Lord, I have
confessed it before you, and I
love you and I thank you that I'm coming
home. Amen and amen.'I believe if you
just said that prayer, I believe you
have a brand new start today.
He said, 'Behold, I make all things
new.'But
if you fall down and you sin and
you mess up again, you don't run from
God. You run to God.
Don't hide like Adam and Eve did. Run to him.
Say,
'I need your
help. I can't do this on my own.'And the
Holy Spirit is there to help
you. Jesus said, 'I'm an ever-present help
in a time of need.'I am always there to
help you. Don't run from him and go
hide, saying, 'Well, I messed
up.'He
knows. Say, 'I need you,
Lord. Help me.'And you know how you're
going to get over that kind of stuff?
You're going to read your word. You're going
to
read the Bible. This is the word
of God. You're going to read this and
you're going to meditate on this word
all the time. It will change you from
the inside out. The Bible says that the
entrance of his word brings forth light.
And the more you get that light through
your eye gates
and it changes you, it's going to renew
your mind. By reading the word,
you're going to renew your mind. You're
going to get that word down inside of
you. The Bible says you'll know the truth
and the truth will set you free.
What's the truth? The truth
is God's word.
So the more you know that truth, the
more you understand who you are, the
more it's going to set you free and make
you free. You can't do it on your own.
And you're not going to do it by just
having a little prayer like, 'I just
pray right now, this little light of
mine,
I'm going to let it shine.'No.
You
have to have this word inside of
you and it will change you from the
inside out.
Well, Brandon, I don't understand it.
Find a Bible version that you
understand. And if you don't have a
Bible and you just got born again
watching us, we will send you a Bible
for free. Tell them how they can get it.
Yeah, if you just go down into the
description, you'll find our email
address. And if you put 'I just got
saved'or
'I need a Bible'on the subject
line, and then put your name and your
address in the email, we will get
one to you.
We'll get it to you
in the United States, United
States territories, and military
addresses like the APO, FPO, I think is
what it is. But yeah,
you might have to talk up, honey, but I
think they got it.
Yeah.
Okay. Well, we just want to celebrate
your decision tonight and to tell you
welcome. Now, what do you do? I would go
to a Bible-believing church. Get plugged
in there. Go to church on
Wednesdays and Sundays. Get plugged in. Go
to a prayer group, whatever. Do
whatever they say and tell the pastor,
'Listen, I got born again on
your
YouTube channel. I want to be
water-baptized.'Get
water-baptized. Get
plugged in. Come over here and pray with
us. Like, subscribe, click the
notification bell. Come over here and be
a part of our YouTube channel and pray
with us on a day-to-day basis. We're
praying and we believe that we're
raising up a million-man
and -woman
prayer army. Through this prayer
army, we're changing the nations for
Jesus through prayer. I'm so excited
you're here tonight. To all 59 of you,
welcome home. All 59 of you who gave
your heart to Jesus Christ tonight,
welcome home. I'm so excited that you've
sold out to Jesus tonight.
Isn't that wonderful?
We're so excited for you and we're
rejoicing with your decision.
We just look at it as a big happy
family. We're all anticipating the
coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
We know our redemption draws nigh. I
don't believe we're appointed
unto
wrath, none of us. I believe that the
rapture of the church is just right at
hand. I believe that the tribulation is
coming, but we will not participate in
that as a believing believer that is sold
out for Jesus. Now, there's a lot of
doctrine that believes that we're
here for all of it. That's on you. I
don't believe what you believe. I
believe the rapture is coming, and you
will never persuade me to believe that
we're appointed unto wrath. I don't
believe it. You can't make me swallow
your pill. I believe with all my heart
that God is not a wife-beater and He's
not up there beating His bride. I
believe with all my heart that Jesus
said, 'I'm bringing you to my side and a
great marriage supper
is coming.'We're
about to have the greatest celebration
that's going to make the
greatest party of all the believers
coming together, and we're going to
celebrate Jesus and all the beautiful
things that He's done for us.
I anticipate that. But right now,
we're bringing in the harvest as quickly
and as fast as we can because we know
that you must bring them in while
it is still day, for night is
coming. We know that the night is
coming, but we've got to bring them in
while it is still day. Billy Burke,
that's one of his favorite scriptures
he's always telling me:
'Bring in the harvest while it is day,
for the night is
coming.'Brandon,
you've
got to bring
in the harvest while it is day, for the
night is coming.
Do you know that one?
John 9:4:
'I must work the works of him that sent
me while it is day. The night cometh
when no man can
work.'And
that's where we are right now.
That's what Billy always told me,
Brandon:
'We must work while it is day, for the night is
coming and no one's going to be able to
work.'We've
got to bring in the harvest as
quickly as possible. Billy Burke—it's one of
his favorite scriptures; he quotes that to
me all the time. John 9:4. He quotes
that to me probably every time we
talk to him.
'Brandon,'he
tells me,
'that's where we are right now. John 9:4.
We must work while it is day.'And that's
what we're doing on this broadcast
every single time we do this, because
we're working the ground.
Some plant, some water, and God
always brings forth the increase. We
believe that Jesus is bringing that
increase. Isn't it wonderful
to see so many souls come in? We're
working while it's day.
We sure love y'all.
I don't know what to really
say about all what I saw tonight. I'm
trying to really process it.
Do you feel the presence of the
Lord so strong? I wonder if they can
feel it. I feel it. It's like He's
just covering me like a blanket.
I feel it all inside of me,
the seriousness of the
hour
as intercessors, as prayers.
If you truly understood the seriousness
of the hour.
Paisley was texting you; I think she
needs you. You might have to go.
When I get to that point in the river, I
don't want to leave it.
I just sit there and
rest in it for a minute.
Hallelujah.
All I can say is thank you for coming
and praying with us and being a part of
our prayer team here. It took a
little bit for me to get in that place,
but I'm so thankful that there are so many
of you that are patient and pray
with us and
take it seriously. It's truly a blessing
that you spend your nights with us
praying for the nations, praying for
what I've seen, and praying over these
basketball games.
There
are
certain things I shouldn't say.
I was just talking about basketball and
things
people
read into too much, and I'm not going to say
that, but
thank you Lord that You protect those
people.
You protect them. Every attack,
every plot, and every plan is coming tonight
in Jesus'name. We close this
tonight knowing that You have
shown
us and You're revealing the
secret things that we can pray against
so
that they will not manifest.
Father, we pray over the people of
Boston and over New York and over
all these major areas of gatherings:
the marathons, Coachella, all
the things where people gather.
We thank You, Lord,
as we pray for Coachella, that Your
angels are watching around it.
Even as ungodly as some of the events
that go on are, Father, I thank You,
Lord, that Your mercy is there.
Tell the FBI, the sheriff's
departments, Homeland Security,
whoever may be watching these major
events, from Coachella on, that God,
Your hand is on them
and that You're watching over this. What
it's
about is I
see the 18th highlighted.
It's big and bold. It just popped up
before me and I saw 18. Pray over the
18th.
Isn't that amazing, son? You see
that? So it would be Saturday the 18th.
Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival,
Friday the 10th through the 26th. So it's this
weekend. Praying over it this weekend.
And then next weekend, the 18th and
19th.
So it's the 10th through the 19th. Is
that what you're saying?
Okay. So the highlight of the day:
praying over
what?
The
5K. When is that?
The 18th.
Oh my goodness.
That's it.
Okay.
The Boston Marathon is the 18th.
On Saturday,
not this weekend, but next weekend. So
we have some time to pray some more. But
that's why when I looked at it, 18 was
highlighted very big and the Lord
specifically said, He circled it
on a calendar and said, 'Watch the
18th.'So
we're going to pray over this
timeframe.
We will continue to
pray. All you prayer warriors, he's
praying over Boston on the 18th.
The Holy Spirit is amazing to me.
We're just vessels, y'all. But
when He uses us and He shows me
so clearly, '18, 18, pray,'and He shows
me—He
flashes the numbers in front of me and
I'm closing my eyes and I see it, boom,
that big and bold.
It was in black and white.
That's pretty amazing.
Okay, so Boston, the 18th.
What's even more interesting?
The
Boston Marathon
and
Coachella are all in the same week.
What about the Boston Celtics
tomorrow?
The
Boston Celtics play. Do they play
the New York Knicks? When do they play?
I saw Boston and I saw New York.
Maybe that's two different things,
because
like I said, I don't want to add to
it.
Okay, so Boston and New
York.
Oh my God.
Wow.
So Boston and New York are scheduled to play
tomorrow.
We need to lift it. Father, we just
thank you
that that basketball game is protected.
Every participant in this
Boston-New
York game, I say you're
covered in the blood. I put angels all
around that stadium. I put angels all
around the participating people.
We thank you, Lord, that there are angels
for
aid and
assistance all around the
Boston-New
York game tomorrow. We thank you, Lord,
that no weapon formed against them would
prosper. We take authority over every
demonic assignment. We command every
terrorist plot, every kind of attack
that would try to come against the
American people in this game. We say in
the name of Jesus Christ, cease and
desist
in your maneuvering. We say the
FBI and
the NYPD—all
the law
enforcement—are
alert. They're looking around. They're
watching in the name of Jesus for every
plot, every plan, everything. No,
I saw something else.
I don't see it around tomorrow.
Some people are saying that
the Boston race is on
Monday
the 20th. They're saying it's on the
20th, not the 18th, but I don't know.
I just did a quick search and it said
the
18th, but I think maybe that's just
the kickoff.
So, they're going to run on a Monday,
I guess.
I see the 18th regardless.
Whatever we're praying for, we're
praying for the 18th; that's on
that day. I still know I saw the 18th.
So, if it's Coachella or whatever, we're going
to
keep praying for that because I saw
the 18th.
Regardless of whether they're running on the
20th or whatever, there's something
about the 18th. The Lord said pray over
the 18th.
But it's pretty interesting that it's the
20th. So I wonder what's about the 18th.
It has to be Coachella. Someone
in the
chat is saying that the
NBA playoffs begin the
18th.
So, NBA championship... Okay.
Could Boston and New York play each
other in the NBA
playoffs?
It doesn't matter. I don't want to
speculate because you
cannot add to this;
it's dangerous. But that's what I'm
trying to tell you. When I'm seeing
these things, it's more to be prayed
out.
The visions are very clear. Praying over
Boston and New York. Praying over the
games. Praying over the mass gatherings.
Could it be tomorrow
night? It's the game they play. I saw
these two teams. Now, could it be for
the playoffs? If they play each other in
the playoffs, I
don't know. So, like I said, I'm not
adding to or taking away from anything.
It's dangerous. So, you just
know as prayer warriors, you just say,
'Okay, we're praying over these two
teams.'What
does it have to do with
these two teams? I think it's pretty
amazing that those teams are
meeting tomorrow.
But there's power in prayer. So am I
saying don't go to this game? No, that's
not what I'm saying. I'm saying the Lord
showed me these two teams and I saw a
storm concerning it. What does that
mean? You don't add to anything and sit
there and go, 'Well, that means it's a
terrorist attack there.'I don't
know. So I'm just telling
you I feel caution. Pray, and then I saw
the
Boston Marathon. Pray over the Boston
Marathon. Pray over the NBA. Pray over
these time frames.
And so you know, if they meet each other
in the playoffs—I don't even know if
they will—if they did, pray over that.
It's a big deal.
So that's what I'm just saying as I get
the little cues. I get these things and
we bring them to you and if
it adds up, you just pray over it. It
doesn't hurt
something serious because as I was
looking at the storm, as I was looking
at this, it was about hospitals.
Boom, boom, boom! Then I saw it
go
straight really quick
and I got sucked into it again and I
was in the tribulation.
Isn't that amazing? Pretty amazing.
And you know, y'all are
news hounds; you're
sniffing around for the news. We
appreciate all your help. We don't have
time for it. I pray and everything and,
like I said, even if I got it, you
sit there and try to add to or take away
from it, it's flaky. You can't. You'll get
yourself snared. You've just got to be
grounded. You've got to put it in the word
and you've got to pray over things and
don't get all flaky with it.
Does that make sense?
Because Sister Clipboard will be taking
it and running with it and
calling
everybody, saying 'don't go to the
game,'and
then they go, 'Why would you go to the
game? There was nothing about it.'Pray.
We
don't know the rest of it yet.
So you've got to be mature and
handle things in a mature way.
You've
got to just keep praying about
things.
Don't add to anything, Sister Clipboard;
we can't do that. You've got to be smart.
That's why I'm telling y'all. Does
that help you? Because
you've
got to calm down. We've got to
bring it down. You've got to just pray
over it. Don't go,
'No!'Calm
down. Pray over it. Pray over
Coachella. Pray over the 18th. Don't go...
calm down. Calm down.
Focus.
Focus. You'll learn as you pray with me.
This is how you
do it. And you just keep praying. I'm
just on a live thing with thousands of
people watching. You just learn to
just keep going in the river.
It's good. We're
all growing. We're all learning. All
right. We love you. Remember, put a
smile on your face and a song in your
heart. Jesus loves you so much and we
love you. God bless you and we'll see
you. Bye-bye.